#summary Translations for ReaderPlus.

= Introduction =

Help me to translate ReaderPlus in your languages.

= Details =

Already available languages are :
  * English
  * French
  * Simplified chinese
  * Traditional chinese
  * Russian

In progress :
  * Ukrainan
  * German

== Instructions for translators ==
If you want to participate and contribute to the translations, please follow these steps :
   # Get the English original files in the last version (English is the base language)
     * _locales/en/ [http://goo.gl/9jqd messages.json]
     * lang/en/ [http://goo.gl/AY4G features.js]
     * lang/en/ [http://goo.gl/ZGVB langs.js]
   # Change the code 'en' for the new locale. I support [http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/i18n.html#locales-supported Chrome locales] but i can add any others locales.
   # messages.json contains general information about extension
   # features.js contains list of features/options. They appears in the menu in preferences page.
   # langs.js contains :
     * in the first part (GRP.langs.en.texts), texts displayed in Google Reader
     * in the second part (GRP.langs.en.prefs), texts displayed in preferences page only.
   # Do not translate ids and keys, look on an already translated files if you don't know read [http://www.json.org JSON] format.
   # Do not translate anchors such {0}. They are placeholders to insert dynamic data.
   # As encoding, use UTF8 without BOM

   * Version: 
       * Please keep original major version for your translations !
       * Use minor version for yours translations 
       * ex: 0.3.11 is the 11th translated version of the original v0.3 english version

   * Toolbar button: 
     * Don't forget to translate the [http://goo.gl/6ovh Toolbar Button] [http://goo.gl/8tGY _locales/en/messages.json]

Support on translation is done on [http://code.google.com/p/googlereaderplus/issues/detail?id=141 this issue] 
---

== [http://jsbin.com/uwaka3/14 Google translate tool] ==
I start to create a tool to help translators by using Google Translator.
You could use it and may be enhance it :
http://jsbin.com/uwaka3/14